sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
Wow. We got great news, folks.
As you may have heard,
Robert Mueller merely
considers me a subject,
not a target of his ongoing
criminal investigation.
In other words, I'm off the hook!
So you know what that means!
Huge party hostel... hotel!
FYI, if an attractive woman
shows up at your room
with a Betamax video camera
strapped to her head,
it's not the luckiest day of your life.
On a more somber note,
we have to talk about
the big divorce news
sending shock waves
through the Trump family.
Channing and Jenna Dewan Tatum
are splits-ville.
Don Jr., would you like to say
a few words about the Tatums?
- No, Dad!
- He's really broken up about it.
Anyway, big announcement about
our new national security advisor.
He's been called the
"Cruise Missile Crusader"
by 137 Sinclair news anchors
speaking in unison.
Mr. John Bolton!
Our nation's future is so bright,
we'll have to shield our eyes
from the blast wave!
Now, everyone's nervous John
Bolton will make the Earth's
surface as empty as Laura
Ingraham's commercial breaks,
but John promises
he won't wage a war
until he's bombed the hell
out of Amazon's headquarters.
But enough about me
soft-launching a military strike
within my own country.
Uh-oh! Somebody find Bolton.
He looks like he should be
wearing a sleeping cap
and blowing a feather in the air
every time he snores.
Good evening, my fellow Americans.
By the power vested in me, your
new national security advisor,
I declare our country at war, again.
"But who are we at war with?" you ask.
Why box ourselves in
by declaring a single enemy?
Imagine a world
where there is no world.
The only mistake we made in Iraq
is we went to war
for a made-up reason.
When I take our country to war,
I will provide no reason whatsoever!
That's why I want to introduce
my seven-point plan to
eradicate all seven continents.
John... what are you doing?
It's not a nuclear button, John.
It's to get Lou Dobbs on
speakerphone.
Hello? Hello?
T-This is Dobbsie.
1x10 - First Pitch
"DENT." "SERP."
I can read.
Because he's going bye-bye!
I'm very proud to present
H.R. McMaster,
our National Security Advisor
or Secretary of Defense ... not sure ...
with the National Defense Service Medal
for bravery during combat in Iraq.
He'll be happy to know
we'll be winning the Iraq War
for many, many years to come.
Hey! I also served in Iraq!
The media never talks about it.
I ripped Saddam Hussein out
of that spider hole and said,
"Knock it off, pinhead!"
The soldiers voted me Best War Guy.
I donated my medals to science
so they could produce the next
generation of super soldiers.
Anyway, here's your dumb medal!
The reason I could suplex
Saddam out of that hole
is I had so much upper-body
strength from my baseball days.
The Yankees wanted me to play.
Actually, I played for the Yankees,
and I would have been a Hall of Famer
had I not left
to become a tricep model.
Speaking of, Major League
Baseball's Washington Nationals
have once again asked you
to throw out the first pitch.
They promise to put security
between you and the Hispanic players.
It's a tradition that all presidents
honor, so I assume you're a no?
I'd love to, but, you know,
I might be so good
that they make me play the whole game,
and I don't have time for that.
Oh, promise me you'll watch
"Fox & Friends" in slow motion.
- It's worth every hour.
- I'll happily throw the first pitch.
Baseball is as American
as America before 1964.
Or a middle-school textbook
with a two-sentence paragraph
on the Trail of Tears.
Or an abstinence-only class
full of pregnant teens.
Just tell 'em tossing a ball
recalls a lonely childhood
defined by an emotionally
distant father.
Actually, just say my arm is sore.
So, why don't you want to
throw the American baseball?
I can't rely on cameras
to accurately capture
how perfect the pitch will be.
And if it doesn't look perfect,
my manly image
will be put in jeopardy.
Where did you put
my tanning cream?
It's under the sink!
But you are the ultimate
example of masculinity!
Why else would you shout,
"I am enough!" in your sleep every night?
Of course, I am.
You know, any time I did
something remotely feminine,
my father would dress me
like a stewardess
and call me Diane for a year.
But, hey, it worked!
So, this weekend,
are you thinking tennis,
or should we have a Nancy Meyers
fest and just pig out?
Mm-kay.
Read my bio back to me.
"Ivanka Trump. Graduated from
the school her father went to,
worked for the company
her father started,
then worked for the
administration her father ran."
I feel like my inspiring story of
self-reliance just isn't coming through.
Maybe put back in that
I co-hosted my father's show.
Honey, stop trying to frame
yourself as a female icon.
You know, you just
don't have the same story
as someone like Malala Yousafzai.
Oh, my God, Jare-head.
Great idea.
Take Malala's website biography.
Search "Malala," replace with "Ivanka."
Search "head scarf," replace with
"flirty summer dress."
Search "violent attack,"
replace with "sex appeal."
O-kay. Here we go...
"Ivanka is currently enrolled
at the University of Oxford
where she can be seen around campus
- wearing her signature flirty summer dress.
- I go, girl!
In 2012, a mass gunman
boarded Ivanka's school bus
and asked for her by name
before waging a sex appeal."
I think that all works.
Trump is such a poser!
I mean, the closest
he's gotten to combat
is when he fought to not have
custody of his children!
Hey! Are you guys
talking about me?
Oh, you know, we're just
laughing about the fog of war.
You guys think of me
as a guy's guy, right?
Someone you fought in a foxhole with,
fighting over who gets to eat
the fatty part of the fox?
At the risk of being court-martialed,
I'd like to remind you
that, quite famously,
you got out of the war
by saying your feet hurt.
I really wanted to go to war,
but if I did, the war would
be over in like 12 hours.
Where's the fun in that?
Well, that sort of
comes across as an excuse,
and chickening out on the baseball thing
might make people think twice
about your, uh... masculinity.
Da-da-da-ba-da!
Don't bring chicken into this.
They give up their life for this
country, and we need to honor them.
If I'm going to compete with
fierce boss bitches like Malala,
I need to follow her brand journey.
Do you know her website
traffic went through the roof
when she opened that school for girls?
Same with Oh-prah.
As Vogue's "vows that
make you go wow" documented,
I love you so much,
but I am just not sure
you will stick the landing on this.
I mean, remember
the Ivanka Cruise Line?
How was I supposed to know that
people would need water at sea?
I don't know why I'm
getting in your way here.
A-At least this act of total self-interest
might inadvertently help people.
- And direct traffic to my website.
- Right, but mostly help people.
Find my website and its hot deals.
Join a referral program today!
Uh, Mr. President,
have you reconsidered
throwing out the first pitch?
Ehh. Seems sort of beneath
the office of the President.
Now, get out! Some Disney Channel
kid made fun of me on Twitter.
- How do you spell "fucktard"?
- I just wanted to let you know
that this first-pitch thing,
it's not just about you.
It's about all us heterosexual men.
When the President guns that
ball into the catcher's mitt,
it shows the nation that their
leading man is strong,
that the patriarchy just makes sense.
That men should decide
which stores carry
feminine-hygiene products...
and how deep into the desert
those stores should be located.
No one embraces this office's
masculinity more than the guy
who permanently shamed
a woman to get it.
And you're overstating
this first-pitch thing.
- Ronald Reagan never did it.
- Yes, he did.
All the Presidents did.
Even Jimmy Carter.
- Three times.
- No! Not puny President Peanut Farmer!
You tell the
Washington Nationals' catcher
to wear longer shoes or whatever
those goofy bastards wear
because I'm gonna throw
the manliest first pitch
in Presidential history!
"Hannity"!
Good to be back, patriots.
I spent a long weekend
chasing Meryl Streep
with a riding lawn mower.
President Trump's first pitch
is one week away,
and you can bet
I'll be in the bleachers
making the game unbearable
for anybody around me!
All right, sir. General Mattis
is 60 feet, 6 inches away.
Just like the catcher when
you throw your first pitch.
Ohh!
My bones are spurring!
Oww!
- We don't have time to watch you stall.
- Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
You know how many e-mails you get
when you're running three goddamn wars?
Okay, I did it.
It was so fast, you couldn't see it.
We can see the ball in your hand, sir.
It's covered with yellow icing.
Where the hell
did you get yellow icing?!
Well, it's none of your business
which child's party I stole cake from.
Here we go, Mattis.
Have the hand repair man standing by.
Yah!
The ball freaked out at the
last second, dove for cover,
and I'm more masculine
than you even realized!
W-Why are you guys staring at me?
Is it my hair?
Do I have a whitehead?!
I'm pretty sure, to open a school,
you just rent out
two floors of a brownstone,
get a tobacco company
to donate a bunch of iPads,
and choose which Pinot grigio best
complements the multiplication tables.
It's actually far less
complicated than that!
My administration has worked tirelessly
to accept schools
of all different types.
Some schools have libraries,
study lounges, and iPads galore.
Others have... roofs.
I just want to make it easier
for even one young woman
to grow up and be the next
IvankaTrump.com unique visitor
and newsletter subscriber.
I just don't want
them to struggle like me!
Like and share if you agree!
Enh! Ahhh!
So, Don, you wanna get in on the old
"overcompensate for
feelings of inferiority" game
and strut for the man
with a Texas-sized pistola?
I figure if anyone knows guns,
it's the guy Secret Service
refuses to protect.
That's Ted Cruz!!
Here's one rifle for you
and one for me!
Whoa! Wow!
I really do feel like a man!
That means it's workin'!
Now, I'm gonna reveal a couple
embarrassing details about myself.
And watch as I still feel good
because I'm holding a gun!
I once kidnapped my neighbor's cat
so I could use it to practice kissing!
Feelin' good!
One time, I dropped my drawers,
and my date ran out the room
like she was trying to
outrun a nine-foot centipede!
Feelin' good!
- Now you do one.
- Umm...
- I hung out with Ted Cruz?
- Feelin' good!
Thank you for meeting with me
about my new school.
It's just nice to talk to someone
who I share so much
- life experience with.
- Absolutely.
And I'm just so excited that the
meritocracy is working properly,
and you're serving in the
most powerful office on Earth.
I know you're not feeling well
and need to get back
to making sure your brain
doesn't spill out of your head,
and so I'll get to it.
I would love to accept
a sizable contribution
from The Clinton Foundation
for my new school.
Oh, we're not really
a foundation anymore,
so much as a thick smoke
screen for Republicans
to draw attention from your
father's Mussolini cosplay.
And you're doing a great job!
So, from one feminist to another,
- can we agree to lift each other up?
- I'd love to, but unfortunately,
I'm on so much Xanax and chardonnay
that I'm not legally allowed
to write a check.
I'll tell you what, though.
Until that changes,
you can eat my ass.
Let's make this quick.
I get Don Jr. to teach me
to smoke cigarettes ...
Thank God you're here, sir!
North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un
has just test-fired a nuclear warhead
with enough range to hit
the continental United States!
Sir, this is deadly serious.
The nation is counting on you.
W-Wait. R-Really?
You're gonna let me finally do this?
I'd think I was dreaming,
but none of you are cougars
trying to eat my penis.
Sir, we can't tell you what to do.
You have to decide if you're man
enough to hit that button.
♪ Oh-ohh ♪
You know, I've always talked
a big game about this,
but now that the moment is here,
I'm just not sure if I want
to press the button.
Or really press the button!
- Aaaaah! Grr! Aaah!
- Sir! Sir!
- Hello?! Sir!
- Ah-ha-ha!
That button isn't
attached to anything.
We just wanted you to feel like a man
so you'd drop this whole
"bound to be humiliating"
- first-pitch idea.
- Drop it?
You just gave me the confidence I
needed to want to do it even more!
I'm a big bad button boy now,
and nothing can stop me!
- By the way, have you practiced at all?
- Real cool, McMasters.
Those cake eaters might still be
having a birthday party.
You gonna go stab their bouncy castle?
Boop!
"Hannity"!
We begin tonight
with the only man
who's ever unlocked
all my pleasure centers ...
President Donald JFK Trump.
Great to be here, hoss.
You're here to promote
your first pitch,
and who am I to get in the way of
what the government wants to do?
And the first 10,000 fans will receive...
Buff President Man Beans!
These Man Beans
are an intense cocktail
of fresh legumes
and grounded hammers
sprinkled with bull-penis
nerve endings.
Any more of this manlihood,
and I tell you, my penis will jump
out of my pants and go bowling.
So let's bring in someone
who can speak for all women ...
hot, blond rich lady Ivanka Trump.
Everyone knows there's
no greater ally for women
than Sean Hannity.
I have to.
They're helpless.
That's why I chose this platform
to announce
the Ivanka Trump School for
Women and Girls in Africa.
We'll give these amazing
women and girls in Africa
the skills they need to succeed
in the new economy in Africa.
Wow. Isn't she great, Don?
Unbelievable.
She's almost as good as the worst man.
She's nipping
at Mark Ruffalo's heels!
Sir, you never finished
telling us whether
you want to be vacuum-sealed
so you won't get the sniffles.
- Enhh!
- What does that mean?
Everyone knows Donald Trump
is the strong, silent type
who keeps his thoughts to himself
and stares into fireplaces,
searching for answers.
Sir, you've replaced all the
fireplaces with 95-inch flat screens.
Seems like the modern world
has got no place for this
old callous tumbleweed.
Now, if you'll kindly step aside,
I'll be on my motorcycle to
wherever the man wind takes me.
You're watching "The Price is Right"!
Oh, my God!
What is Drew Carey wearing?!
Jare-head, the segment's on!
Stop sitting fully clothed
on the toilet
with your head in your hands
while the shower's running!
Sorry. I was ...
I was just trying to enjoy
sitting on a toilet without
a cellmate leering at me.
Okay, we have here the details
of Ivanka Trump's school.
Tell me if this sounds... familiar.
A group of young women sitting in rows.
Women are stronger together.
The women are making clothes.
- Such a valuable skill.
- For pennies.
Then the clothes are sold for
thousands on IvankaTrump.com.
That way, I make a big profit!
This, my friends, is billed
as, oohr, an institution
of female empowerment
but is actually a sweatshop.
You know, that wasn't my intent,
but it's definitely where I ended up.
Did you see Rupert Murdoch
in Vanity Fair?
He found four women
willing to marry him,
but he couldn't find
a decent chin implant?
I had a Rupert in my platoon.
Used to tell him stories about
my pregnant wife, Lucy, back home.
Since when do you care about
the Battle of the Bulge?
Gladiators, Melania.
Every one of them.
That's when men were men
and battles were of the bulge.
Are you ever going to
practice throwing a baseball?!
Can I get one moment of peace
in my own damn house?
If you need me, I'll be at the tavern,
drinking whiskey and
humming old Irish hymns.
Welcome back to "Wheel of Fortune"!
Oh, my God!
Is that a new wheel?!
Everyone's come out against me.
Oh-prah, Ellen,
the United Nations Commission
on Human Rights,
The Barefoot Contessa!
Come on, babe. You had to
know this was coming.
I mean, you don't see a lot of schools
with an electrified perimeter fence.
These countries are dangerous,
and I didn't want
my students getting away!
The real victims here
are the price-conscious customers of
IvankaTrump.com.
Ooh. Bad news, babe.
"This website has been suspended
due to a violation of our
policy against child slavery"?!
N-o-o-o-o-o!
Hey.
Where's my man costume?
I can't find my cowboy hat and
Tim Allen keychain anywhere.
We threw them in the trash.
We were sick of your sweet-ass
manly attitude which fucking rules!
But we hated it!
You made me go Alaskan crab fishing.
A wave clocked me,
and I barfed on my ass!
Oh, and one more thing.
We canceled your first pitch.
What?!
Why would you do that?!
They can't start the game
without the first pitch.
That's like starting the day
without a failed bowel movement.
They found another
septuagenarian to replace you.
Ladies and gentlemen,
our darkest fears have been realized.
The first pitch to open the season
for the Washington Nationals
will be thrown out
by career criminal Hillary Clinton.
The attack on Pearl Harbor
now seems like
Free Cone Day at Ben & Jerry's.
Torch one of my TVs.
I need a fire to stare into.
I wouldn't have bought this television
if I knew it'd smell weird
when I burned it.
Fox News alert.
North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un
has just released a video
reportedly showing him throwing
a 400-mile-per-hour fastball.
Oh!
Afterwards, the North
Korean dictator had this to say.
"My rocket fastball
is far superior
in speed and masculinity
to the impotent toss of Donald Trump,
America's voluptuous lunatic leader.
More historic news ... North
Korea's Genius Science Squadron
infiltrated IvankaTrump.com
and turned it into
a den of tasteless reptilian erotica."
I specifically said do not make
Eric head of your cybersecurity team.
God damn it!
I flew that chopper full of
dangling ladies out of Saigon,
and this is the parade
they throw me?!
Sir, we need to talk.
You did not fight in Vietnam.
You said you had bone spurs,
which is an insult to
the brave draft dodgers
who struggled to at least
come up with a good excuse.
Mr. President, I'm gonna tell
you something you need to hear.
- You aren't a man's man.
- Stop throwing shade, you bitch.
That's what I mean.
You care about gossip,
wear tons of makeup,
and use a truck's worth of hair spray
just to show up for breakfast.
You're one notch away
from being a nosy landlady
- or a judge on "Project Runway."
- Can we talk about Tim Gunn?
- I'm doing it right now, aren't I?
- And that's okay.
This whole John Wayne,
Clint Eastwood thing is in the past.
Now women want to be
paid the same as men,
and men want to be paid
to write travel blogs,
and as much as we resist,
this movement won't stop
until every person has an
amorphous, genderless genital.
If the diva's done with her spotlight,
can we get back to me
and the first pitch?
- Should I go for it?
- Why not?
Just because you're
not a man's man
doesn't mean you shouldn't
continue to pretend to be one.
That's still who this country elected.
Don't forget someone
who favored white people.
Sure, sure.
That's a given.
How did this happen?
I think I need to talk
to the person in the world
who inspires me most.
Hey, Ivanka.
It's me, Ivanka Trump.
What should I do?
Open a school for women
and girls in Africa?
OMG! Great idea, queen!
I can see where this is headed.
You can buy tons of schools.
I can buy tons of
overleveraged properties.
None of it will make a difference.
We'll just never have the
inspiring life experiences
of Oprah or Malala
or pretty much anyone who grew up
without a live-in eyebrow threader.
What do you mean?
I've struggled.
One time, my horse,
Benedict Chambray, was sick,
so I had to take
horseback riding lessons
on one that I had zero rapport with!
Yeah, but Malala and Oprah
have been through some shit!
You can't just hashtag your way
to becoming a respected female icon.
You actually have to
overcome adversity.
We go live now to Hillary Clinton,
who is holding an impromptu
press conference.
As many of you know, earlier today,
I suffered a little heat stroke.
It was very hot outside,
and I didn't drink enough water
this morning.
Anyways, I'm feeling great,
and I look forward
to continuing to fight for
the American people. Whee!
Holy crap!
I can still do the first pitch?!
Oh, and remind me to ask Hillary
what lotion she uses for her face.
I'm pretty sure it's La Mer,
but it could be Lancóme.
There's my guy.
Welcome to the opening game
of the 2018 Major League
Baseball season!
Tonight's game is brought to you
by Buff President Man Beans!
I gots to have my Man Beans.
Boo! The national anthem
was too short!
Sing all the verses! I'm hungry!
Hey, hot-dog guy!
Hot-dog guy!
Hot-dog guy! Hot dog!
Tonight's first pitch
will be thrown by your president,
Donald J. Trump!
Come on, Donald.
It all comes down to this.
You've been saving your arm
for this moment for 71 years.
Everybody shut up!
Stars and stripes are
about to shoot out his ass!
Okay. Here we go.
On your marks, get set...
Halt, Daddy!
I won't let you throw that pitch!
You're not Ivanka Strong!
What are you doing here, Ivanka?
Daddy's working.
I'm queen of The Resistance now.
No more first pitches until
there's a female president!
And that female president is me!
Don't waste those beans!!
Pour 'em into your hands
and jam 'em down my throat!
They're booing me.
I'm facing adversity!
I hear your voices, and you are heard!
You're so brave, honey.
And what kind of veteran would I be
if I didn't support you 100%?
Baseball's canceled!
I'm not longer in it.
Ratings are terrible.
Your beans taste like shit.
Security removed
a vomiting Sean Hannity
after he overindulged on Man Beans.
Then Ivanka Trump announced
that she'll be
the first female president.
Oh, my God! Why is everyone
pressuring me to be president?
That's bullshit, Ivanka!
I'm the oldest, so I should
be the next president!
And my VP will be my boy Nick.
Dude's twitchy as hell, and he
knows all the state capitals.
Can I be president if I have
a cinnamon allergy?
Ooh, I could make this all
come crashing down.
Is anyone going to
first ask their wives
before running for president?
- Boo!
Bring back Mal ...
Marna or whatever.
You'll all get your turn
to be president.
Just promise that you'll
pardon the rest of us.
- Sounds good.
- I love you, Daddy!
Now I must do what the
people elected me to do.
Bully Hillary Clinton
on all media platforms?
Show America that Eric's a dipshit?
Dad! Don's making fun of me!
Yes to all of that!
But, more importantly,
watch television until it's another day.
- Predicting a Democratic wave.
- Fake news.
Robert Mueller making progress.
- And reports of the First Lady
- apartment shopping...
- Fake news.
♪ Donald Trump is the president ♪
♪ Donald Trump
is the president ♪
♪ Is Donald Trump the president? ♪
♪ Yes, he is ♪
♪ Yes, he is,
we elected him president ♪
♪ Is Donald Trump the president? ♪
♪ Yes, he is ♪
♪ We had a vote
and elected him president ♪
♪ Donald Trump is the president ♪
♪ Donald Trump ♪
♪ He is our president ♪
♪ We made him president ♪
♪ We did it ♪
♪ Donald Trump is the president ♪
♪ We elected Donald Trump ♪
♪ Donald Trump
is the president ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
Trump!
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~